# Kayak 
 
Ok, here we go! haha, I'm so excited!" We neared the edge of the waterfall. The edge above the fall. What a wonder, what a wonderful life to live! Karen, seems calm. She's been doing this for a while now. When we first started dating, Karen was fearful. She had struggled with anxiety for a while. It took a small toll on me, but I knew this was her. I knew this was the woman for me, the one I've been looking for my entire life. Nothing would hold me back. Not her flaws, and definitely not mine. I grew, with her. I changed and became better. I did my best to be kind and loving, always generous in my motions. Because, if I didn't, she would fall. I wasn't having any of that. I cradled her, I held her hand and lead her. The ultimate goal: to have her walk beside me. I'm happy that Karen now guides us as well. Wolves let their females lead. It makes sense to me. Before I would have been able to explain, but now, it's natural. Too embedded in our lives to be objectively viewed and shared verbally. You'd have to experience life with us to understand. I'm grateful, so grateful, that we've come this far. That we've tried at all. 
 
## WHOOSH! 
 
"AH HAHA!" We held each other's arms. The cold wind blasting our faces. I can't believe we're doing this. "I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE DOING THIS," she yells, but I hardly hear her. My heart understands. I try my best to swing our momentum with my own body and give her a kiss. Before I know it, we're hitting the bottom, crashing into the torquoise water and disappearing in the sound. "Gah, hah. Ha. HAH," I pant, "That was great! We need to do it again!" We adjust ourselves and try to see through the water veiling our eyes. "BABE! I LOVE YOU," Karen shouts. "I love you too," I reply. "What if this story had a second waterfall planned?! That'd be so cool! Like a staircase river?" She agrees, "Cawos, you weirdo! You can't change perspectives and talk to the audience directly! Baka-baka-shi!" I wonder how we'll get home. How far have we gone?! I can't tell if civilization is nearby. I don't care. These are passive ghosts; fears we left behind when we started planning this trip. Anxieties that remained above the fall with all their weight and disharmony. It's harmony; a waterfall. You can't exist with it, not in the same space, unless you're harmonious. For now, I'll just stare into her eyes. She's all I want. All I care for is right here. 
 
## THE END 